Sometimes, life puts you in situations where you've to let go of things dearer to you in pursuit of something better. Few days ago, I was in a similar situation and I had to make a hard decision - to take a leave from all of you and take up new challenges and start a new phase in my career. Today is my last working day at <company name> and I'm totally thrilled to write this email; often called the 'last working day email'; probably one of the most difficult mails I ever wrote during my tenure here.

I want to thank my fellow team members <first names> from the bottom of my heart and especially to <team lead, project manager name> for his/her constant support and guidance throughout. I will miss you all!

I promise that our friendships will remain forever. I'll always be available on [your facebook, linkedin, email, twitter, phone etc.]. If you ever need me, I'm always available.

Thank you for being a part of my journey here at <company name>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Today is officially my last day at my current project. I am rolling-off of this amazing and unforgettable project after 4½ years being committed to the client and starting at a new project
I have really and truly enjoyed my tenure at my current project and I appreciate having had the opportunity to work with all of the people. I am so thankful for the support, guidance, and encouragement the people have provided me during my time at the project. Even though I will miss all of my colleagues, I am looking forward to this new challenge and to starting a new phase of my career. Life is unpredictable and I am pretty sure our paths will cross again.
I am thankful for everything and grateful so much that people have made my time at the project truly enjoyable one. Professionally, I have gained a lot of knowledge and I shall always cherish this as one of the most satisfying phases in my career. Personally too I have shared a special bonding with all of the people and I shall take away with me cherished memories of our times together. It felt like we were family – one day screaming and yelling at each other and the next day laughing and smiling and just enjoying each other’s company.

How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. Well, until we meet again, which I really hope we will.